Too bad it seems now
You are not suitable for the position of King of Beiding
My king, I think you are really old
Local affairs are already high
Don't you forget
This day's king's order is a communication between the Qing army
If I can't
Who else can beat you?
Before, you still had the chance to wear this dress in winter.
But now you wipe it with your own hands
I don't think so.
I didn't do anything.
The wife of the Qing Dynasty takes back this kingdom of heaven and hell
Could it be that you want to imitate the Qing Jun's decree?
It really is.
You want to do it to me
Ye Yicheng
Although I was not at the peak of martial arts
But hard enough
As the head of the household
You can try
Did Ghost King Ren resist the Qing army a lot?
Wrong.
The Qing army is you
I will meet the Qing army